ISSUE: 10th-august-2022-digital-bytes
URL: https://digitalbytes.substack.com/p/10th-august-2022-digital-bytes
TITLE: Tokenisation is not new, but where does it lead to?

tokens have been used in the UK since the 17th century and payments have used tokenisation to protect data since 2001. Now we are seeing a rise in tokenisation of assets disintermediating traditional financial markets. With the tokenisation of cash and mutual funds, could this be the ‘killer’ use case of blockchain technology? But do we actually want our data tokenised and used by others?

Full Article Here

The blockchain-based project just switching on the lights for 3,000 Senegal villagers - there are still 733 million people around the world who do not have access to electricity. Closing this energy infrastructure gap and bringing electricity to more communities is one of the reasons the #connect2evolve project was founded to deliver clean, decentralised power to communities with little or no access to electricity. Transparency of how funds are used is one of the biggest challenges when attracting backing for projects. The #connect2evolve team, together with partner AfricaGreentec (AGT), devised a model that could provide 3,000 people with sustainable electricity whilst using blockchain technology to track and report on the project’s impact to donors and investors.

Full Article Here

Stablecoins and CBDCs: do they potentially undermine financial markets? - the use of digital assets such as stablecoins and CBDCs has seen a change in advocates, from the crypto community championing adoption to now being driven by central banks and governments. Digital assets offer some clear advantages, such as lower costs, and can improve financial inclusion - but could they in fact undermine financial markets and be the death nell for fractional banking?

Full Article Here

The new rule of law - "Digital Assets" - for a high level look at the relationship of our legal systems and the legal rights of assets in their representative digital asset format, the two founders of the London based  TPX™ Property Exchanges  have produced a compelling article. The article highlights the progress of the legal and financial professions in recognising and enforcing property rights in this area of ‘liquid property’ and the impact that this could have on all of us, both as functioning economies as well as societies, in a high inflation economic cycle.

Full Article Here

4

Share

Discussion about this post

Comments Restacks

Top Latest Discussions

No posts

© 2026 Jonny Fry · Privacy ∙ Terms ∙ Collection notice

Start your Substack Get the app

Substack is the home for great culture

This site requires JavaScript to run correctly. Please turn on JavaScript or unblock scripts
