ISSUE: 7th-december-2022-digital-bytes
URL: https://digitalbytes.substack.com/p/7th-december-2022-digital-bytes
TITLE: Bitcoin reminds us to question where is, and how safe is,  my  money?

- many people do not realise that if you put your money with a bank, or store your cryptos on a central exchange (CEX), you become a creditor. Therefore, in the event of a bankruptcy or liquidation, you may not receive all your money back. Recently, we have seen the number of digital wallets that hold more one Bitcoin surge to over 950,000. It would seem, therefore, that either there are new Bitcoin purchasers or that existing holders of Bitcoin are turning their backs on CEXs and regaining control on where and how their Bitcoins are stored. So, is this a wider lesson for us all?

Full Article Here

Meta’s adventure in the metaverse - the race for dominance of the metaverse has continued to thrive between top tech companies. Nothing beats Facebook’s decision to rebrand as Meta. Whilst many are yet to be convinced, the potential size of the metaverse is huge and Meta looks determined to dominate - as it so successfully did with social media and the billions of people who use Facebook.

Full Article Here

Blockchain in wireless communication and computing - wireless communications are evolving and we are seeing greater adoption of both the Internet of Things and the introduction of 6G blockchain technology, with the potential to solve a variety of trust and security issues in communication networks. This includes improving resource sharing, bolstering trusted data interaction, ensuring secure access control and privacy protection together with supplying tracing, certification and supervision functionalities for 5G and future 6G networks.

Full Article Here

Property… but not as we know it: liquid property and the new asset-based economy - as the printing presses of central bankers have pumped ever-increasing amounts of fiat cash into the world economy, debt levels have ballooned. This has created scales of inflation not seen for thirty years. Blockchain technologies, artificial intelligence (AI), regulatory systems and uni-swap (or automated market maker algorithmic trading systems) now offer what was seen as a seemingly impossible process of turning real world illiquid property (real estate) into fully liquid and transferable money itself.

Full Article Here

1

Share

Discussion about this post

Comments Restacks

Top Latest Discussions

No posts

© 2026 Jonny Fry · Privacy ∙ Terms ∙ Collection notice

Start your Substack Get the app

Substack is the home for great culture

This site requires JavaScript to run correctly. Please turn on JavaScript or unblock scripts
