ISSUE: 5th-october-2022-digital-bytes
URL: https://digitalbytes.substack.com/p/5th-october-2022-digital-bytes
TITLE: How will the metaverse impact e-commerce?

to most people, the metaverse is all about gaming and entertainment. But much more than gaming and entertainment, the metaverse has a notably important role to play in the business world. We all know the internet has changed the way we connect, live, shop and much more. It has totally changed the way retail businesses operate around the world through massive digitalisation, and now the metaverse, too, is set to have a profound impact on e-commerce.

Full Article Here

Fashion in the metaverse - digital fashion's basic concept might be confusing to some, mainly because it involves purchasing and trying on outfits that do not exist outside of a computer screen. Nonetheless, many industry insiders are starting to embrace the metaverse as part of the way they engage with customers, undoubtedly now altering the future of fashion industry. Will the fashion publication, Esquire, prove to be correct?

Full Article Here

How blockchain technology and digital assets impact sport - blockchain and digital assets are increasingly being used by sports teams across the world to tackle some of the challenges around ticketing, as well as being used to explore new ways to commercialise the intellectual property owned by clubs and players alike. Using smart contracts and NFTs, sporting memorabilia can become long-term revenue generators as opposed to the one-off sales they have been historically.

Full Article Here

Managing digital assets: opportunities and challenges - despite the recent downturn in many asset classes, there is an ongoing interest in having exposure to digital assets. Arguably, this is best achieved via professional managed funds as there undoubtably remain challenges as well as opportunities presented by having exposure to this exciting, but volatile, asset class.

Full Article Here

1

Share

Discussion about this post

Comments Restacks

Top Latest Discussions

No posts

© 2026 Jonny Fry · Privacy ∙ Terms ∙ Collection notice

Start your Substack Get the app

Substack is the home for great culture

This site requires JavaScript to run correctly. Please turn on JavaScript or unblock scripts
