ISSUE: 14th-december-2022-digital-bytes
URL: https://digitalbytes.substack.com/p/14th-december-2022-digital-bytes
TITLE: __FULL_ISSUE__

Apple is now embracing crypto-style security to protect your data - Apple’s new Advanced Data Protection security measures will introduce tens of millions of people globally to cryptocurrency security processes and procedures, including all the joys of private keys where there is no longer the ability for a central entity to reset your password. Whilst a challenge, these new cryptographic security measures will improve personal security, whereby safeguarding data and assets from hackers and governments. It also opens up the questions of trust and identity such as do we need custodians and do we need digital identities to only share our data with those relevant parties, as and when required?

Full Article Here

Blockchain’s use in the education sector - education is one sector where blockchain is beginning to make an impression, although only a small number of schools and universities have begun implementing this technology Blockchain-powered platforms offer the promise of greater transparency and enhanced efficiency and is also able to help address some of the challenges presented by the expansion of on-line educators.

Full Article Here

Are we addicted to paper? - try as hard as we might, many systems and processes seem to rely heavily on paperwork to confirm transactions and grant various types of authorisations - especially when government agencies are involved. Blockchain technology and self-sovereign identity are now both offering the promise of greater efficiency, less paper and more security.

Full Article Here

Op-ed: why FTX does not spell the death of crypto  - a combination of a light regulatory touch, a lack of governance and risk controls would have appeared to have led to FTX’s downfall - as opposed to some systemic problem with cryptocurrencies per say. The combination of DeFi and regulation is an outstanding value proposition for institutions. Long term, the crypto industry has an opportunity to build a better system with DeFi and self-custodial wallets that do not rely on trusting third parties.

Full Article Here

2

Share

Discussion about this post

Comments Restacks

Top Latest Discussions

No posts

© 2026 Jonny Fry · Privacy ∙ Terms ∙ Collection notice

Start your Substack Get the app

Substack is the home for great culture

This site requires JavaScript to run correctly. Please turn on JavaScript or unblock scripts
