ISSUE: 3rd-august-2022-digital-bytes
URL: https://digitalbytes.substack.com/p/3rd-august-2022-digital-bytes
TITLE: Blockchain and crypto adoption in Latin America

some Latin American countries have turned to virtual money as a safer and more profitable option following the fall in government-regulated currencies. Between 2019 and 2021, the use of cryptocurrencies in Latin America rose by 1,370%; at about the same time, El Salvador approved Bitcoin as an official legal tender, becoming the first country to do so. Meanwhile, we are seeing a growing use of blockchain technology in a variety of business sectors.

Full Article Here

Digital assets in vehicles - in February 2022, Porsche became the first auto manufacturer to successfully test blockchain in its cars, with many other car manufacturers also exploring ways to integrate this game-changing technology into their vehicles. Between themselves, they are all aiming to take advantage of its potential to dramatically change how information or data is stored and used, subsequently enhancing transparency and security and improving transactions.

Full Article Here

Is decentralisation the next evolution of UK financial regulation? - with the continued growth in both the range and reach of digital assets, how will financial regulation evolve? In this article, the issues and challenges facing those looking to regulate crypto in the UK are summarised with comments on the fact that rather than fight it, regulators need to embrace and learn from crypto and distributed ledger technology.

Full Article Here

The Securities Exchange Commission ( SEC) fights to stay relevant for the crypto market - the SEC has been actively pursuing crypto firms whom it believes have broken security regulations and has issued over 80 fines ($2billion) so far. However, the role of crypto regulator may pass to the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), not the SEC, and thus give the US crypto-regulatory clarity whilst encouraging innovation for digital assets.

Full Article Here

3

Share

Discussion about this post

Comments Restacks

Top Latest Discussions

No posts

© 2026 Jonny Fry · Privacy ∙ Terms ∙ Collection notice

Start your Substack Get the app

Substack is the home for great culture

This site requires JavaScript to run correctly. Please turn on JavaScript or unblock scripts
