ISSUE: 19th-july-2023-digital-bytes
URL: https://digitalbytes.substack.com/p/19th-july-2023-digital-bytes
TITLE: SEC v Ripple: a watershed moment?

the recent court ruling that XRP is deemed to be a security if sold to institutions but not a security if sold to staff, retail investors and programmatically to exchanges, raises more questions than answers. Whilst the price of XRP and digital exchanges such as Coinbase have risen, are we to see the crypto market’s hopes dashed as this court decision is over-ruled? Or, will the SEC reconsider its position and offer regulatory clarity for the rest of the cryptocurrency sector?

Full Article Here

Can we expect an NFT renaissance? - NFTs grabbed the headlines when pictures of monkeys sold for millions and even the Uffizi Gallery sold a digital copy of a Michael Angelo masterpiece for $170,000. In essence, NFT’s are no more than a digital certificate used to represent ownership. Or are they? As we gain legal clarity on the rights and obligations attached to digital assets, will we see NFTs being used more widely in different industries across the world?

Full Article Here

DeFi and interoperability - interoperability is a key part of the DeFi ecosystem that has the potential to greatly improve usefulness, accessibility and the total value proposition. DeFi is set to become a more connected, efficient and flexible banking system with greater interoperability.

Full Article Here

MiCA offers clarity on tokenisation but still more is required - the use of blockchain technology, coupled with other technologies such as AI, IoT, big data, machine learning, etc, offers the promise of improved efficiency, lower costs, automation and far greater levels of transparency. But whilst MiCA offers some clarity for crypto markets in the EU, clearly more regulatory guidance is required to further encourage the expansion of greater tokenisation.

Full Article Here

2

Share

Discussion about this post

Comments Restacks

Top Latest Discussions

No posts

© 2026 Jonny Fry · Privacy ∙ Terms ∙ Collection notice

Start your Substack Get the app

Substack is the home for great culture

This site requires JavaScript to run correctly. Please turn on JavaScript or unblock scripts
